Gump, on 13 Apr 2014 - 10:46 PM, said:
All those things you quoted... Are members not entitled to privacy?

If you want privacy, don't post on a public forum.

Quote
I'm sorry but if I were to get in trouble with the staff, I wouldn't want everyone on the forum to know what I did. We deal with things privately.

That clearly only breeds more drama. It becomes a he said/she said game of telephone where the staff just assumes that the community should just trust their word.

XZSO keeps harping on being abused by the moderators. The staff can't/refuses to explain their motives. Do you not understand why people distrust the staff?

Quote
No it is not. Let's put it like this. Someone is arrested in my community. All the police dept has to do is list the charges, then move on. Criminals are entitled to privacy just as much as any other citizen. And because we're not police officers, and we don't necessarily have "charges," per say, we do not have to tell you why.

In the USA (clearly you must live there since your avatar is of the freaking Pats), criminals do not have the same privacy rights. If you commit a felony, you legally must admit doing when applying to a job. If you commit sexual assault, you must apply to the sex offender registry. If you kill, rob, steal, the government doesn't censor newspapers to protect your privacy (unless maybe if you're rich enough?).

Of course people want to hide their crimes. While some people use the opportunity to make themselves better, it can also be used with great effect to go back to the same old.

Quote
Mellow, just am I, is enforcement. We enforce the rules. You want to have a peaceful demonstration, go right ahead. We will listen. But we also maintain the right to hold back whatever we feel necessary.


 
ZethN64, on 13 Apr 2014 - 10:47 PM, said:
You can want it all you want, your not going to get it. Don't like it? Feel free to create your own website that suits your needs and you can be transparent all you want. :)
As I stated, after this post, warn points will be given out to members if the topic on transparency continues.

It amazes me how immature the staff acts here towards the concern of it's community members.

The main reason I don't want to create my own site is because of the rift it will cause to the already small userbase. I would like to make the-gcn a more tolerable place, but clearly you aren't willing to accept the flaws within the current system. 