I could just tell you outright, but I think it'd be more fun to storytell...

Long ago, when Twilight Princess was young, a group of some of the worlds best Zelda players united to scour the land in search of the most prized glitches for speedrunning. It was not long after release that a pathway to reaching the Master Sword early was found!

Unfortunately it turned out that the sword was cursed... anyone who touched the sword before it was ready to accept it's master became stuck. The Gorons would not engage in wrestling, prohibiting access to the Goron Mines, bombs, and arrows. Without arrows the second stand against King Bublin would be impossible, which meant no Zora Armor and no way of defeating Morpheel. Lastly, without properly rescuing prince Ralis, the scent of the Reekfish would be unobtainable, leaving Snowpeak unscalable. 

Thus a theory arose: If one opened the pathway to the Master Sword, then returned when the time was right, the Master Sword could be claimed! And so a means to achieve just that was discovered.

But this discovery would not be the TRUE way of obtaining the Master Sword early, as it was far too slow for speedrunning purposes. And so it was known as the "Fixed" Early Master Sword, and the search continued.

Days turned to weeks, and weeks to months, and with the passage of time the many drifted away to other things, leaving the few most dedicated ones behind. And when it seemed like all hope was lost, a whirlwind of fortune hit.

It started with stealing Iza's Bombs, then suddenly a way to breath under water via explosives, leading to the discovery that water bombs can actually be fished and harvested from a certain spot. Morpheel looked like it was almost beatable. Then from out of the blue a new discovery: A way to disable all exits from an area, making Snowpeak climbable! 

And then, hours later, Morpheel was defeated through sheer determination and luck. A true Early Master Sword route was discovered, but with Morpheel's death came new possibilities.

'What happens if you defeat Morpheel BEFORE the Twilight is cleared?' I asked myself. The answer surpassed my expectations. 

